 [Intervention] Slow network is detected. See https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5636954674692096 for more details. Fallback font will be used while loading: chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/browser/css/fonts/AdobeClean-Regular.otf
 [Intervention] Slow network is detected. See https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5636954674692096 for more details. Fallback font will be used while loading: chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/browser/css/fonts/AdobeClean-Bold.otf
 [vite] connecting...
 [vite] connected.
 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://react.dev/link/react-devtools
 i18next: languageChanged en-US
 i18next: initialized Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 IndexedDB initialized successfully
 StorageService initialized with capabilities: Object
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. ahmkjjgdligadogjedmnogbpbcpofeeo Object
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. jaekigmcljkkalnicnjoafgfjoefkpeg Object
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. noogafoofpebimajpfpamcfhoaifemoa Object
 No suspender extension installed
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax steps.destination steps.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.steps.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.tourist Turysta
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.tourist
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common mode.landlord Właściciel
 Missing translation: pl.common.mode.landlord
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.dashboard Panel
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.dashboard
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.payments Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.payments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.reports Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.reports
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill Generuj rachunek z QR
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.generateBill QR Rachunek
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.generateBill
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.importReservations Importuj rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.importReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common actions.import Import
 Missing translation: pl.common.actions.import
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.help Pomoc
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.help
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.guide Przewodnik
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.guide
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.contact Kontakt
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.contact
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common help.about O aplikacji
 Missing translation: pl.common.help.about
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common navigation.navbar.language navigation.navbar.language
 Missing translation: pl.common.navigation.navbar.language
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.newPayment New Payment
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.newPayment
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:781
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:832
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:858
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:907
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:942
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:970
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:1038
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:1072
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:602
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:622
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:602
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:622
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:158
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:166
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:198
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:236
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:268
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
send @ i18next.js:642
translate @ i18next.js:660
t @ i18next.js:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:361
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js:11649
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.guestInfo Guest Information
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.guestInfo
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:193
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName Guest Name
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:199
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestEmail Guest Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:210
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestPhone Guest Phone
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestPhone
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:224
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestNationality Guest Nationality
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestNationality
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:235
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.accommodationDetails Accommodation Details
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.accommodationDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:259
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights Nights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:343
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.taxCalculation Tax Calculation
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.taxCalculation
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:359
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.cityName City
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.cityName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:365
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxRatePerNight Rate per Night (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxRatePerNight
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:376
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.totalAmount Total Amount (PLN)
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.totalAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:388
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.billSettings Bill Settings
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.billSettings
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:404
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.billLanguage Bill Language
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.billLanguage
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:410
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeQRCode Include QR Code
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeQRCode
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:426
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.includeInstructions Include Payment Instructions
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.includeInstructions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:437
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.preview Preview Bill
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.preview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:455
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF Download PDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:471
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.sendEmail Send Email
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.sendEmail
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:482
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax modal.billPreview Bill Preview
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.modal.billPreview
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:508
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax actions.downloadPDF actions.downloadPDF
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.actions.downloadPDF
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
QRPaymentBillGenerator @ QRPaymentBillGenerator.tsx:523
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
flushSyncWork$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10567
batchedUpdates$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:2632
dispatchEventForPluginEventSystem @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11877
dispatchEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14792
dispatchDiscreteEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14773
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
flushSyncWork$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10567
batchedUpdates$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:2632
dispatchEventForPluginEventSystem @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11877
dispatchEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14792
dispatchDiscreteEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14773
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
flushSyncWork$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10567
batchedUpdates$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:2632
dispatchEventForPluginEventSystem @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11877
dispatchEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14792
dispatchDiscreteEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14773
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
flushSyncWork$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10567
batchedUpdates$1 @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:2632
dispatchEventForPluginEventSystem @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11877
dispatchEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14792
dispatchDiscreteEvent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:14773
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performWorkOnRootViaSchedulerTask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11623
performWorkUntilDeadline @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:36
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performWorkOnRootViaSchedulerTask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11623
performWorkUntilDeadline @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:36
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performWorkOnRootViaSchedulerTask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11623
performWorkUntilDeadline @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:36
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performWorkOnRootViaSchedulerTask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11623
performWorkUntilDeadline @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:36
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4206
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:421 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.guestName fields.guestName
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.guestName
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:421
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
BookingReservationImport.tsx:425 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.numberOfNights fields.numberOfNights
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.numberOfNights
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
send @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:642
translate @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:660
t @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2013
fixedT @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:2000
BookingReservationImport @ BookingReservationImport.tsx:425
react_stack_bottom_frame @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:17424
renderWithHooksAgain @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4281
renderWithHooks @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:4217
updateFunctionComponent @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:6619
beginWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:7654
runWithFiberInDEV @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:1485
performUnitOfWork @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10868
workLoopSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10728
renderRootSync @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10711
performWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:10330
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11635
flushSyncWorkAcrossRoots_impl @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11536
processRootScheduleInMicrotask @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11558
(anonymous) @ react-dom_client.js?v=81b78b3b:11649
