 [vite] connecting...
 [vite] connected.
 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://react.dev/link/react-devtools
 i18next: languageChanged en-US
 i18next: initialized Object
 [ReservationDB] 📊 ReservationDatabaseService constructed Object
 [ReservationRepo] 📊 ReservationRepository initialized
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 IndexedDB initialized successfully
 StorageService initialized with capabilities: Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax sections.destination sections.destination
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.sections.destination
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. ahmkjjgdligadogjedmnogbpbcpofeeo Object
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. jaekigmcljkkalnicnjoafgfjoefkpeg Object
 Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. noogafoofpebimajpfpamcfhoaifemoa Object
 No suspender extension installed
CitySelector.tsx:104 Uncaught
CitySelector.tsx:104 Uncaught
CitySelector.tsx:104 Uncaught
CitySelector.tsx:104 Uncaught
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.title Dashboard
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.subtitle Przegląd aktywności i statystyk
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.totalReservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.totalReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.pendingPayments Oczekujące płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.pendingPayments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.completedPayments Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.completedPayments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.recentActivity Ostatnia aktywność
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.recentActivity
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.noActivity Brak ostatniej aktywności. Rozpocznij od importu rezerwacji lub dodania nowego pobytu.
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.noActivity
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.quickActions Szybkie akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.quickActions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.getStarted Użyj menu nawigacji aby rozpocząć zarządzanie pobytami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.getStarted
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.title Dashboard
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.subtitle Przegląd aktywności i statystyk
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.totalReservations Rezerwacje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.totalReservations
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.pendingPayments Oczekujące płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.pendingPayments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.completedPayments Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.completedPayments
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord stats.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.stats.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.recentActivity Ostatnia aktywność
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.recentActivity
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.noActivity Brak ostatniej aktywności. Rozpocznij od importu rezerwacji lub dodania nowego pobytu.
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.noActivity
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.quickActions Szybkie akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.quickActions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord dashboard.getStarted Użyj menu nawigacji aby rozpocząć zarządzanie pobytami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.dashboard.getStarted
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.title Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.subtitle Zarządzaj pobytami i rezerwacjami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.title Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.subtitle Zarządzaj pobytami i rezerwacjami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [ReservationDB] ✅ ReservationDatabaseService initialized successfully
 [ReservationRepo] ✅ ReservationRepository ready
 [ReservationDB] ✅ ReservationDatabaseService initialized successfully
 [ReservationRepo] ✅ ReservationRepository ready
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 🔍 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 📊 Reservation statistics calculated Object
 [StaysManager] ✅ Stays loaded from IndexedDB Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 🔍 Retrieved all reservations Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 📊 Reservation statistics calculated Object
 [StaysManager] ✅ Stays loaded from IndexedDB Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.title Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.subtitle Śledzenie płatności opłaty miejscowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPaid Łącznie opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPaid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.thisMonth W tym miesiącu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.thisMonth
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.searchPlaceholder Szukaj po nazwisku gościa...
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.searchPlaceholder
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.all Wszystkie
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.overdue Przeterminowane
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.overdue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.export Eksportuj
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.export
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.guest Gość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.guest
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.dates Daty pobytu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.dates
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.amount Kwota
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.amount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.status Status
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.paymentDate Data płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.paymentDate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.title Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.subtitle Śledzenie płatności opłaty miejscowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPaid Łącznie opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPaid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.thisMonth W tym miesiącu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.thisMonth
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.searchPlaceholder Szukaj po nazwisku gościa...
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.searchPlaceholder
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.all Wszystkie
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.overdue Przeterminowane
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.overdue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.export Eksportuj
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.export
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.guest Gość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.guest
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.dates Daty pobytu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.dates
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.amount Kwota
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.amount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.status Status
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.paymentDate Data płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.paymentDate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.title Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.subtitle Analizy i raporty dla celów podatkowych
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.configuration Konfiguracja raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.configuration
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.type Typ raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.type
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.monthly Miesięczny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.monthly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.quarterly Kwartalny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.quarterly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.yearly Roczny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.yearly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.custom Niestandardowy
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.custom
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.period Okres
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.period
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.generate Generuj raport
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.generate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.quickStats Szybkie statystyki
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.quickStats
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalStays Łączne pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalStays
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalTax Łączny podatek
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalTax
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.avgStayLength Średnia długość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.avgStayLength
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.results Wyniki raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.results
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.month Miesiąc
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.month
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.stays Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.stays
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.revenue Dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.revenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.tax Podatek
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.tax
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.compliance.title Informacja o zgodności podatkowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.compliance.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.compliance.description Raporty są generowane zgodnie z polskimi przepisami dotyczącymi opłaty miejscowej. Zalecamy regularne składanie raportów do odpowiednich urzędów.
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.compliance.description
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.title Raporty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.subtitle Analizy i raporty dla celów podatkowych
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.configuration Konfiguracja raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.configuration
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.type Typ raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.type
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.monthly Miesięczny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.monthly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.quarterly Kwartalny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.quarterly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.yearly Roczny
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.yearly
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.types.custom Niestandardowy
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.types.custom
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.period Okres
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.period
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.generate Generuj raport
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.generate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.quickStats Szybkie statystyki
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.quickStats
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalStays Łączne pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalStays
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.totalTax Łączny podatek
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.totalTax
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.avgStayLength Średnia długość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.avgStayLength
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.results Wyniki raportu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.results
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.month Miesiąc
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.month
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.stays Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.stays
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.revenue Dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.revenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.tax Podatek
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.tax
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.viewDetails Szczegóły
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.viewDetails
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.compliance.title Informacja o zgodności podatkowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.compliance.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reports.compliance.description Raporty są generowane zgodnie z polskimi przepisami dotyczącymi opłaty miejscowej. Zalecamy regularne składanie raportów do odpowiednich urzędów.
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reports.compliance.description
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.title Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.subtitle Śledzenie płatności opłaty miejscowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPaid Łącznie opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPaid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.thisMonth W tym miesiącu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.thisMonth
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.searchPlaceholder Szukaj po nazwisku gościa...
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.searchPlaceholder
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.all Wszystkie
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.overdue Przeterminowane
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.overdue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.export Eksportuj
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.export
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.guest Gość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.guest
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.dates Daty pobytu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.dates
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.amount Kwota
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.amount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.status Status
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.paymentDate Data płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.paymentDate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.title Płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.subtitle Śledzenie płatności opłaty miejscowej
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPaid Łącznie opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPaid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalPending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalPending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.thisMonth W tym miesiącu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.thisMonth
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.totalRevenue Łączny dochód
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.totalRevenue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.searchPlaceholder Szukaj po nazwisku gościa...
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.searchPlaceholder
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.all Wszystkie
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.filter.overdue Przeterminowane
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.filter.overdue
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.export Eksportuj
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.export
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.guest Gość
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.guest
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.dates Daty pobytu
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.dates
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.amount Kwota
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.amount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.status Status
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.paymentDate Data płatności
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.paymentDate
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.table.actions Akcje
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.table.actions
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.paid Opłacone
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.paid
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord payments.status.pending Oczekujące
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.payments.status.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.title Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.subtitle Zarządzaj pobytami i rezerwacjami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.title Pobyty
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.title
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US landlord reservations.subtitle Zarządzaj pobytami i rezerwacjami
 Missing translation: pl.landlord.reservations.subtitle
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 [ReservationRepo] ✅ ReservationRepository ready
 [ReservationRepo] ✅ ReservationRepository ready
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common loading Loading...
 Missing translation: pl.common.loading
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 🔍 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 📊 Reservation statistics calculated Object
 [StaysManager] ✅ Stays loaded from IndexedDB Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 🔍 Retrieved all reservations Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js:208
 [ReservationDB] 📦 Retrieved all reservations Object
 [ReservationRepo] 📊 Reservation statistics calculated Object
 [StaysManager] ✅ Stays loaded from IndexedDB Object
 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:123
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208
StaysManager.tsx:44 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
StaysManager.tsx:17 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208
StaysManager.tsx:17 [StaysManager] 🏙️ Reservations grouped by city Object
StaysManager.tsx:44 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
StaysManager.tsx:17 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208
StaysManager.tsx:44 🏠 StaysManager component mounted
StaysManager.tsx:17 [StaysManager] StaysManager render Object
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.confirmed Confirmed
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.confirmed
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.pending Pending
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.pending
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax stats.totalTaxAmount Total Tax
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.stats.totalTaxAmount
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common search Search
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.search
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus Tax Status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US common all All
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.common.all
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.status fields.status
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.status
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: missingKey en-US tourist-tax fields.taxStatus fields.taxStatus
config.ts:140 Missing translation: pl.tourist-tax.fields.taxStatus
i18n.use.use.init.missingKeyHandler @ config.ts:140
i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208 i18next::translator: accessing an object - but returnObjects options is not enabled!
output @ i18next.js?v=81b78b3b:208
